well the US will also be introducing a
new draft resolution to the UN Security
Council on the war on Gaza that
resolution does not call for a ceasefire
Gabriel zondo has more now from New
York the draft resolution that was
issued by the United States to the UN
Security Council is three pages long
it's 17 different points there are a few
I want to point out it uh says that
Israel has its inherent right to
self-defense it also condemns M multiple
times for acts of terrorism from October
7th attack on Israel it calls for the
release of all hostages being held by
Hamas and it calls for her Iran to stop
all transfer of weapons to Armed groups
and it also voices appreciation for
Qatar for its mediation role in getting
the two American hostages freed but what
is not in this draft resolution might be
just as important as what is in it there
is no call for a ceasefire or even a
humanitarian pause and there is no call
for a cation in any hostilities now the
US has given other Security Council
Members until 10:00 a.m. local time on
Sunday to issue any sort of rebuttal or
amendments to this draft resolution it
could go to a vote by the security
Council as early as Monday Gabriel zando
Al jazer new New York